Indirect simultaneous docs (#28195)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/interfaces/Indirect Fitting.rst

:math:`X`-Ranges may be excluded from the fit by selecting a spectrum next to the 'Mask Bins of Spectrum' label and
then providing a comma-separated list of pairs, where each pair designates a range to exclude from the fit.

Output
~~~~~~

The results of the fit may be plotted and saved under the 'Output' section of the fitting interfaces.

Next to the 'Plot' label, you can select a parameter to plot and then click 'Plot' to plot it with error 
bars across the fit spectra (if multiple data-sets have been used, a separate plot will be produced for each data-set). 
The 'Plot Output' options will be disabled after a fit if there is only one data point for the parameters.

During a sequential fit, the parameters calculated for one spectrum become the start parameters for the next spectrum to be fitted. 
Although this normally yields better parameter values for the later spectra, it can also lead to poorly fitted parameters if the
next spectrum is not 'related' to the previous spectrum. It may be useful to replace this poorly fitted spectrum with the results 
from a single fit using the 'Edit Result' option. 

> Clicking the 'Edit Result' button will allow you to modify the data within your *_Results* workspace using results 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking the 'Edit Result' button will allow you to modify the data within your *_Results* workspace using the results 
```

> produced from a singly fit spectrum. See the algorithm :ref:`IndirectReplaceFitResult <algm-IndirectReplaceFitResult>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
produced from a single fit. See the algorithm :ref:`IndirectReplaceFitResult <algm-IndirectReplaceFitResult>`.
```

Clicking the 'Save Result' button will save the result of the fit to your default save location.

MSD Fit
-------

> Given either a saved NeXus file or workspace generated using the Elwin tab, this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given either a saved NeXus file, or workspace generated using the Elwin tab, this
```

tab fits :math:`intensity` vs. :math:`Q` with one of three functions for each
run specified to give the Mean Square Displacement (MSD). It then plots the MSD

> as function of run number. This is done by means of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as function of run number. This is done using the
```

:ref:`QENSFitSequential <algm-QENSFitSequential>` algorithm.

MSDFit searches for the log files named <runnumber>_sample.txt in your chosen
raw file directory (the name ‘sample’ is for OSIRIS). These log files will exist 
if the correct temperature was loaded using SE-log-name in the Elwin tab. If they 
exist the temperature is read and the MSD is plotted versus temperature; if they do 
not exist the MSD is plotted versus run number (last 3 digits).

The fitted parameters for all runs are in _msd_Table and the <u2> in _msd. To
run the Sequential fit a workspace named <inst><first-run>_to_<last-run>_eq is

> created of :math:`intensity` v. :math:`Q` for all runs. A contour or 3D plot of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
created, consisting of :math:`intensity` v. :math:`Q` for all the runs. A contour or 3D plot of
```

this may be of interest.

A sequential fit is run by clicking the Run button at the bottom of the tab, a

> single fit can be done using the Fit Single Spectrum button underneath the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
single fit can be performed using the Fit Single Spectrum button underneath the
```

> preview plot. A simultaneous fit may be done in a very similar fashion by changeing the Fit Type to Simultaneous 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
preview plot. A simultaneous fit may be performed in a similar fashion by changing the Fit Type to Simultaneous 
```

The :ref:`Peters model <func-MsdPeters>` [1] reduces to a :ref:`Gaussian <func-MsdGauss>` at large 
(towards infinity) beta. The :ref:`Yi Model <func-MsdYi>` [2] reduces to a :ref:`Gaussian <func-MsdGauss>` at sigma 
equal to zero.

.. interface:: Data Analysis
  :width: 450
  :widget: tabMSD

MSD Fit Example Workflow
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The MSD Fit tab operates on ``_eq`` files. The files used in this workflow are produced on the Elwin
tab as seen in the :ref:`elwin-example-workflow`.

1. Click **Browse** and select the file ``osi104371-104375_graphite002_red_elwin_eq``. Load this
   file and it will be automatically plotted in the upper mini-plot.

2. Change the **Plot Spectrum** spinbox seen underneath the mini-plots to change the spectrum displayed
   in the upper mini-plot.

3. Change the **EndX** variable to be around 0.8 in order to change the Q range over which the fit shall
   take place. Alternatively, drag the **EndX** blue line seen on the mini-plot using the cursor.

4. Choose the **Fit Type** to be Gaussian. The parameters for this function can be seen if you
   expand the row labelled **f0-MsdGauss**. Choose appropriate starting values for these parameters.

>    When you begin to edit parameters in addition to being able to change the value of the parameter there are two additional options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   As well as being able to change the value of the parameters, two additional options are available.
```

   Clicking on the button with `...` will bring up more options to set constraints and ties on the parameters. The checkbox will toggle 
   whether the parameter is local or global.

> 5. Tick **Plot Guess** to get a prediction of what your fit will look like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Tick **Plot Guess** to get a prediction of what the fit will look like.
```

6. Click **Run** and wait for the interface to finish processing. This should generate a
   _Parameters table workspace and two group workspaces with end suffixes _Results and
   _Workspaces. The mini-plots should also update, with the upper plot displaying the
   calculated fit and the lower mini-plot displaying the difference between the input data and the
   fit.

> 7. Alternatively, you can click **Fit Single Spectrum** to perform a fit only for the spectrum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Alternatively, you can click **Fit Single Spectrum** to perform a fit for the spectrum
```

   _Workspaces. The mini-plots should also update, with the upper plot displaying the
   calculated fit and the lower mini-plot displaying the difference between the input data and the
   fit.

6. In the **Output** section, you can choose which parameter you want to plot. In this case the plotting
   option is disabled as the output workspace ending in _Result only has one data point to plot.

Bayesian (FABADA minimizer)
---------------------------

There is the option to perform Bayesian data analysis on the I(Q, t) Fit ConvFit
tabs on this interface by using the :ref:`FABADA` fitting minimizer, however in
order to to use this you will need to use better starting parameters than the
defaults provided by the interface.

You may also experience issues where the starting parameters may give a reliable
fit on one spectra but not others, in this case the best option is to reduce
the number of spectra that are fitted in one operation.

In both I(Q, t) Fit and ConvFit the following options are available when fitting
using FABADA:

Output Chain
  Select to enable output of the FABADA chain when using FABADA as the fitting
  minimizer.

Chain Length

>   Number of further steps carried out by fitting algorithm once parameters have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Number of further steps carried out by fitting algorithm once the parameters have
```
